# Airline_Ticketing_Project
Basic Requirements    As the base platform, you’ll be creating a private Ethereum blockchain, using geth, in the cloud. You can have the nodes running on EC2 machines directly (on different ports) or you can run each node in a docker container. Use Clique (Proof of Authority) for faster block creations.     You’ll be developing a base contract code, in Solidity, which will be deployed every time a ticket is bought by a customer from Eagle Airlines.      The airlines will deploy the contract with customer address and simulated dummy flight details (flight number, seat category, flight datetime, etc.). The customer will then call a specific function to transfer the ticket money to the contract and receive a confirmation id and flight details in response.     The features required in the smart contract are:   The customer should be able to trigger a cancellation anytime till 2 hours before the flight start time. This should refund money to the customer minus the percentage penalty predefined in the contract by the airlines. The penalty amount should be automatically sent to the airline account. Any cancellation triggered by the airline before or after departure time should result in a complete amount refund to the customer. The airline should update the status of the flight within 24 hours of the flight start time. It can be on-time start, cancelled or delayed. 24 hours after the flight departure time, the customer can trigger a claim function to demand a refund. They should get a complete refund in case of cancellation by the airline.  In case of a delay, they should get a predefined percentage amount, and the rest should be sent to the airline. If the airline hasn’t updated the status within 24 hours of the flight departure time, and a customer claim is made, it should be treated as an airline cancellation case by the contract. Randomness and call based simulation of various features like normal flights, cancellation by the airline, cancellation by the customer, and delayed flights.  The features and systems essential for the system to function are:   Private blockchain creation using Geth and related tools Create blockchain nodes in AWS either directly in EC2 machines with different ports, or in dockerized containers Choose Clique (Proof of Authority) Create at least 3 nodes with 2 airline accounts allowed to be block creators (sealers/miners) and at least 4 customer accounts Base contract in Solidity covering all the functionalities defined above Demonstrate contract behaviour via geth command line tool or via Remix connected to your private blockchain
